What does it feel like to be tortured?
I was joking with you.
Just kidding.
There has to be a degree of joking
Sometimes people die
Shura
I respect your contribution to the Great Underground Order
But sometimes
One mouse has ruined an entire continent
When the time comes, your underground king's hat
Will fall off with your head
Mr. Xiao is lost
What did he just call you?
Are you alright?
This lady
You must have heard it wrong.
I'm really sorry for the second sister just now.
Second sister, don't worry.
You can continue to do business here
Let's go
Listen to me
Start today.
This vegetable market
It is the largest forbidden area in the entire cloud cover
As for effort
Xiaolong, I, I, I don't dare anymore.
You almost got me killed by a pig today.
clan
Even if I have a few lives
It's not early enough for you.
Press him to Shura Yu for me
Master, I don't agree.
I am loyal to you
He's just a fishmonger.
You can't do this to me!
You're still obsessed, aren't you?
Do you know
The so-called fishmonger in your mouth
He is the guest I need in Guiying today
And you ruined it with your own hands
You almost got me killed
Is he
He is the Wu Weijun
Wow, uncle is so powerful that he swollen those big bad guys.
Uncle didn't lie to you, did he?
Yangyang said that he will protect you.
Do what you say
Don't touch Yaoyao with your dirty hands
you
What identity is it?
Why does the Dragon King seem so respectful to you?